Results from the Class Feedback Quiz

(1) List some things you like about the course (if any).  

2   Homework challenging but not frustratingly so
5   Anonymous feedback
          * Consideration of, and amount of, student feedback
3   Pace
 	  * There is time for us to do review type exercises when we go over hw prob yet 
	  we still learn new material every class
3   Lectures
          * Lectures clear
          * in class time/lectures are great & helpful
3   TFRM cards
2   Class/content interesting
6   The rewrite process 
      	   * sometimes even just having the chance to look at the problem again a week
	    later helps cement the concepts, and improve the hw grade.
	    * I love the fact that we can do rewrites.  That is what classes should really be 
	    like.  It makes it less of memorization and more of a learning experience.
	    * The set-up: HW due then re-writes for more proofs
     Encouraging professor
     Homework being assigned from the book (so if we don't understand it we can check 
     	      even numbered answers)
     The positive energy
     Way course is taught
     Think about math in a different way
     Great syllabus and calendar
     Different color chalk
     You write everything on the board
     When we go over proofs as a class, because it helps me understand how to write
     	   them better

(2) List some areas where you feel the course could be improved (if any). 

2   Post answers to HW online
2   More time in class reviewing and/or developing proofs
    	    * Sometimes do this but I don't have enough time to think on my own about the 
	    proof before seeing you do it
	    * I would like to have a class where you give us something to prove and then 
	    everyone in the class tries to prove it in a short amount of time like 10-15 mins....
	    better proofwriting practice.
7    More _____ in class
              * More in class practice (feel lost on hwk)
     	      * Less doing proofs and more going over the concepts used in the proof
    	       * Define/explain more terms that are completely new or that we may be a little 
	       familiar with but not entirely
     	       * More concrete examples like the ones we see on the HW
     	       * Find a way to cover things in class before they are on the homework (text is 
	       wordy and is hard to self-teach from.)
     	       * Class time can be spent more on addressing student questions but that requires 
	       us to ask them.
     	       * (More fundamentals.)  We move fast through the fundamentals of some 
	       topics and focus a lot on the more complex problems (which we would be confused 
	       anyway b/c we never fully understood the basics.)
2   Change the class to be a W course
     Different group work structure (While I think groupwork can be an effective part of many 
     	       courses, working in groups can be awkward for some students who may not have a best 
	       friend in the course.  While it would be tedious to assign groups because of attendance it 
	       would be better if you facilitated the lonelier people or asked groups to do a quick 
	       introduction.)
     Would like to know what sections we will be doing when and the associated homework
     Please wear a tie/sweater with cats on it.  Will improve test average.

(3) List some things you could do to improve your experience...

2    More time reading sections before class
3    Read the text more thoroughly
3    Do extra problems on my own (could you assign extra work, not for handing in, plus solutions?)
      Spend more time on material outside of class
2    More proof-work
          I could be better at proofs (but that's just me)
      Actively participate
2    Seek extra help
     	    Take advantage of office hours
2    Do my homework sooner so I can reap the benefits of reviewing
      Be more organized with rewrites & when they are due
      N/A (I am having a good experience)
      I'm doing my best.  I participate and do the homework so no.

(4) Any other comments or suggestions?  (Feel free to use the back.)

     Hold review sessions
     Give more handouts
2   Feel free to curve the exam
     It's not fair when you expect us to know things that you haven't even mentioned once in 
          class.  If you don't have time to explain, do a quick example or two and if people have 
	  more questions they can see you after class.
     The grader gets a lot of heat, but I find her helpful
     Better method for turning in rewrites, I have one that I had to rewrite twice and maybe 
          having a box/envelope out on the desk to return them would be good since I think I 
	  was the only one who had a rewrite to turn in & they weren't collected during class.
     Unclear about what "in class" work is & it's 10% of our grade!




